7/5/22
Going to work on reimplementing nursing home filtering
    (FIXED)BUG: Added territory and date filters, then went to add tag filter and was getting that I didn't have valid tags but I did
    BUG: Added tag, dae, territory filters but used default anyways
    Fixed this for territory, still have to test for tag and date

7/7/22
Start wih testing date filter, then nursing home tag filter
    Ran download, then date filter with nothing else. Passed
    Tag filter with nothing else. Took a long ass time. Aborted
    Tag filter with Date and Territory filter. Passed

Going to test current state of formatting Nursing Homes.
    Works, but seems to be out of whack. I lied. It works fine.

Want to work on getting the other types working next.


7/8/22
Going to start working on Home Health Data
    Refactored options so that each datasets options are saved in a dict in the controller
    Changed visual options for Home Health Data

Need to implement the dates for home health, as well as excel sheet creation 
implemented home health state statistics optional sheet, but only tested calling it on it's own, without nursing home sheets being made

GOing to implement long term care data first, then I'll come back and add options for home health and long term
Want to be able to have measure codes for lthc as a default optional sheet

Having problems with date filter for long term, returning empty dataframe. 

Ran test with everything activated (except last two for nursing homes), with a wide date range, taking very long
ValueError: 'MD' is not in list - probably duplicated changng territory names


7/9/22
Going to add a bool so that crucial steps aren't duplicated when calling all 3 make sheets, so that I can eventually allow for
only some of the data sets to be used

Made a default function for this
Tested doing all 3 make sheets with TESTING enabled, worked

Want to work on options for home health and finish them before coming back to long term care 

7/10/22
Trying to make options for home health without hardcoding, going to ask on stack over flow